=== rrobots

  USAGE: rrobots [resolution] [#match] [-nogui] [-speed=<N>] [-timeout=<N>] [-teams=<N>] [-with-toolboxes] [-with-mines] [-set-locale=<locale>] [-set-gui-engine=<engine>]
                 <FirstRobotClassName[.rb]> <SecondRobotClassName[.rb]> <...>
    or : rrobots [-set-locale=<locale>] -list-internals
    or : rrobots [-set-locale=<locale>] -list-locales
	or : rrobots [-set-locale=<locale>] -manual 
	or : rrobots [-set-locale=<locale>] -list-gui-engines
	or : rrobots [-set-locale=<locale>]

without arguments : give this usage page

* [-list-internals] (exclusive) give the list of avaibles internals Robots.
* [resolution] (optional) should be of the form 640x480 or 800*600. default is 800x800.
* [match] (optional) to replay a match, put the match# here, including the #sign.  
* [-nogui] (optional) run the match without the gui, for highest possible speed.(ignores speed value if present).
* [-speed=<N>] (optional, defaults to 1) updates GUI after every N ticks.  The higher the N, the faster the match will play.
* [-timeout=<N>] (optional, default 50000) number of ticks a match will last at most.
* [-teams=<N>] (optional) split robots into N teams. Match ends when only one team has robots left.
* [-with-toolboxes] (optional) to accept the spawning of healing toolboxes (randomly).
* [-ignore-config] (optional) to ignore the config file present in the path.
* [-write-config] (optional) to write the config in a file in the path.
* [-set-locale] (optional) force a locale if avaible in locales list.
* [-list-locales] (exclusive) list avaible locale.
* [-manual] (exclusive) give the manual page of RRobots.
* [-with-mines] (optional) to accept the dropping of mines by the robots (default 3).
* [-set-gui-engine] (optional) force a GUI engine if avaible in engines list.
* [-list-gui-engines] (exclusive) list avaibles gui Engines.



The names of the rb files have to match the class names of the robots
(up to 8 robots)

e.g. 'rrobots SittingDuck NervousDuck'
  or 'rrobots 600x600 #1234567890 SittingDuck NervousDuck'

=== tournament

  USAGE : tournament [-timeout=<N>] [-matches=<N>] [-with-toolboxes] [-with-mines] [-set-locale=<locale>] 
                   (-dir=<Directory> | <RobotClassName[.rb]>+)
	 or : tournament [-set-locale=<locale>] -list-locales
	 or : tournament [-set-locale=<locale>] -manual
	 or : tournament [-set-locale=<locale>]
	
without arguments : give this usage page
	
* [-timeout=<N>] (optional, default 10000) number of ticks a match will last at most.
* [-matches=<N>] (optional, default 2) how many times each robot fights every other robot.
* -dir=<Directory> All .rb files from that directory will be matched against each other.
* [-ignore-config] (optional) to ignore the config file YAML present in the path.
* [-with-toolboxes] (optional) to accept the spawning of healing toolboxes (randomly).
* [-set-locale] (optional) force a locale if avaible in locales list.
* [-list-locales] (exclusive) list available locales.
* [-manual] (exclusive) donne la page de manuel du projet RRobots.
* [-list-internals] (exclusive) give the list of avaibles internals Robots.
* [-with-mines] (optional) to accept the dropping of mines by the robots (default 3).

This mode doesn't need TK or GOSU engine
